Removes use of the docker image feature (#1907)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/installation/octopus-server-linux-container/index.mdx

- Using `--publish 1322:8080` maps the _container port_ `8080` to `1322` on the host so that the Octopus instance is accessible outside this sever.
- To set the connection string we provide an _environment variable_ `DB_CONNECTION_STRING` (this can be to a local database or an external database).

> In this example, we are running the image `octopusdeploy/octopusdeploy`. The tag maps directly to the Octopus Server version that is bundled inside the image.

Reviewer: @steve-fenton-octopus - you may want to re-word the sentence following this change. e.g.

 ```suggestion
In this example, we run the image `octopusdeploy/octopusdeploy` without an explicit tag, running the `latest` version of Octopus Server that's been published to DockerHub.
```
